c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ChungKhoan.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ChungKhoan.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ChungKhoan.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v16.1.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\obj\Debug\ChungKhoan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\obj\Debug\ChungKhoan.Form1.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\obj\Debug\ChungKhoan.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\obj\Debug\ChungKhoan.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\obj\Debug\ChungKhoan.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChungKhoan\ChungKhoan\obj\Debug\ChungKhoan.pdb
